Original sin, that sort of thing.
Innocence, the maid.
There was a time when the British ruled the world.
So must think of us Africans in simplistic terms?
Yes.
Oh, no, no, no, I mean.
But times are changing.
Injector!
Now, one man is going to open their eyes.
Where are you going?
You aren't talking to me, are you, sonny?
Sean Connery, Colin Freels, a good man in Africa.
Great.
Starts Friday at select theaters.
Colin collects.
You've got options.
You can dial zero, like this guy.
Hi, Mommy.
I wrote on the plane all by myself.
Did I mention you'll be charged as much as you possibly
can for this call?
Or.
You can dial 1-800-collect.
Here's how it works.
Dial 1-800-collect.
Yeah, I just saved you some cash.
You're welcome.
Love you.
Called mom collect, huh?
You know, you could have saved after 44%
by dialing 1-800-collect.
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?
Here with advanced color guard,
load after load.
There's no better guard against colors
that run under those color stones.
Not since Elvis' 69 comeback special has the world
waited with such anticipation.
Barry, Barry, Barry, Nick and Hyde is back.
New things, new shows, and a new day.
Now every Sunday starting at 8.30, 7.30 Central,
you'll be front row and center for four great episodes
that go great together.
Very, very evil twin, September 4th.
Very, very psychedelic, September 11th.
Very, very psychological with Dr. Will.
All here at the classic TV auditorium,
Barry, Barry, Nick and Hyde is back.
He stood on a crate.
She slouched.
Why?
It's part of our television heritage.
Something strange was going on with Don Adams
and Barbara Felden during the Get Smart years.
They tried to be subtle, but they kept changing heights.
Sometimes she's taller.
Sometimes he's taller.
Here it's Felden.
But in the close-up, it's Adams again.
The wide shot, however, doesn't lie.
Sizing Adams up at 5.7, Felden at 5.9.
Two subtle inches double four in our television heritage.
And Get Smart, weeknights on Nickelodeon.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday morning.
Never outgrow his cartoons.
You could be 5, 15, or 50.
When the anvil falls on that guy's head, it's a scream.
But cartoons are kind of special.
Not everything lasts.
Like it or not, some stuff you just outgrow.
Here are some examples.
Gum wrapper chain.
When I was a kid, my jaw used to ache
from all the gum I chewed.
I could work on that chain for hours.
I was determined to make it a mile long,
but now I've kind of cut it out.
And then there's pigtails.
They used to be my hairstyle of choice,
but now that I'm a little older,
I've decided to let my hair down.
And what about batons?
I used to think that trolling them
was a pretty flashy maneuver,
but then I realized there's just a flash in the pan.
Most of the good things in life come with their own
built-in expiration date.
You can try to keep using them after that,
but odds are, it'll be a stale experience.
Knowing when to move on is what growing up is all about.
But pretty soon, I'll be trading in the trappings
of childhood for the perks of full-blown adulthood.
I'm more than ready to trade in my piggy bank
for a credit card.
I can definitely handle having my 10 o'clock curfew
pushed back to midnight.
But the thing I'm most ready to take on
is a set of wheels.
In a few months, when I finally get my driver's license,
I'll be moving on so fast,
some of the stuff I once liked will be left in the dust.
Let's make this part of the graph a little more blue.
What are you doing in my room?
Making a bar graph.
Making a mess is more like it.
What is your junk doing all over everything?
Clean the stuff up.
I can't. This is for school.
Besides, I knew Mom and Dad wouldn't mind.
Well, I mind chimp-braining.
It's my computer, so why would this chocolate slime
and get out?
But sis, am I reporting America's
consumption of dairy products as due tomorrow
when my computer doesn't do graphics?
Well, then do it the old fashioned way.
Use a ruler.
Well, then it'll take hours.
Better get cracking.
Come on, sis.
This is your brother you're talking to.
That's right.
The one guy who should know enough to stay out of my room
without asking.
What about the time I picked up your game pack and played?
You totally freaked out.
That was different.
It was practically new.
You left it lying around the living room.
That makes a fair game.
If it had been in your room, I would have asked.
If I had asked you to use a computer,
would you have let me?
Maybe, but we'll never know now, will we?
Beat it.
Come on, sis.
I'll give you one last chance to reconsider.
OK.
Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
You've log off.
Clarissa, what is your bike doing on the walk
in front of the house?
I just about broke my neck.
I'll get it in a minute, mom.
I don't understand.
Is it so hard to put things away when you're done?
Going out with Sam pretty soon anyway, it's almost bike.
Clarissa, you bred this for that bike.
I know, but that was three years ago.
I'm practically driving now.
I think that's a separate issue, dear.
Has anybody seen my keys?
Well, where were you when you last had them?
Why do people always ask that?
I mean, if I knew where they were, uh, forget it.
Dad, I promise they're not in here.
Boy, this quilt could use a wash.
Hey, those things kind of neat.
Where'd you get a sport?
Can I at least borrow your ruler?
What is everybody doing in my room?
Hey, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Ready to check out the new CD store?
All ready.
Hey, where's my bike?
I guess Mom moved it.
Come on, it must be in the backyard.
Not here.
It must have gone all the way and put it in the garage.
Any luck?
Garden weasel, manure bag, tether ball, no bike.
Where do you think it could be?
I don't know.
Do you have a report to do on dairy products?
Oh, I do.
Ice cream is research.
Have you seen my bike?
I don't really keep tabs on your bike, sis.
Not in the front yard.
It's not in the backyard.
It's not in the garage, so where is it?
I think we can safely rule out spontaneous combustion
or it being swallowed by a sinkhole.
I hate to shock you with the obvious,
but maybe it's been stolen.
Stolen?
Who would steal it?
It's got to be somewhere.
I'd love to help you look for it, sis, but I've got bar charts
to do, remember?
Boy, you hear about these things happening every day,
but you never expect them to happen in your own front yard.
Bikes disappear every day.
Yeah, but this bike is different.
This bike is mine.
I know it was just an old three-speed with a bent pedal
and a fake wicker basket, but I miss my dumb old bike.
I can't believe I'm saying that, but it's true.
I mean, it's my bike, and I hate to think about somebody
else riding around on it.
I mean, I relied on that bike.
Now that I'm walking, my whole day
got off on the wrong foot.
I'd forgotten how long it takes to get around without wheels.
By the time I got to school, Mrs. Strepermeyer
locked the homeroom door.
It's humiliating being known as the old bike.
It's humiliating being known as the only kid in academic history
trying to break into school.
And after school, it took me forever
to get to the pizza-pig out party with my friends.
Anyway, you slice it, being without a bike really bites.
As if that wasn't enough, I finally
got to see murder on the Uptown Express.
But since I missed the opening scene,
I still don't know who'd done it.
Boy, for a two-wheel vehicle designed
to get a kid around town, a bicycle
has got a lot of power.
Key fans, we're here through Saturday.
No, that's not applause, Fort.
I'm looking for my keys.
You mean you haven't found them yet?
Oh, yeah, sure I have.
Just long enough to put that key clapper gizmo on.
How does it work, Dad?
Well, I'm not exactly sure.
I clap, it beeps, you follow the sound,
it, you find your keys.
Cool, so how long have you been looking for them?
45 minutes.
Seemed a lot more effective on the commercials.
Dad, let me ask you something.
Yeah, shoot.
Well, what do you do if something of yours gets stolen?
Oh, I don't think my keys were stolen.
Me neither, Dad.
It's my bike.
You think your bike is stolen?
I can't find it anywhere, Dad.
Sport, I shouldn't have to tell you this.
That's why the garage has a lock on it.
I know.
Stolen, in front of the house?
Gone, so now what do I do?
Well, let's see.
You could just chalk it up to experience
and accept that your bike is gone,
or we could try and get it back.
How'd we do that?
Call the police?
That sounds kind of drastic, Dad.
Well, that's what they're there for.
But aren't they busy busting bank robbers or something?
Yeah, well, I'm sure they could squeeze you in.
I'll go give them a call.
Thanks, Dad, but you know, it's my bike.
And I'm not a kid anymore.
I'll call.
OK, Sport, that's the way you want to study.
The cops?
Will they take me seriously?
I mean, what if they laugh at me?
Wait a minute, what right do they have to laugh at me?
I mean, I pay taxes.
Well, OK, not me exactly, but people I'm related to do.
Only one way to find out.
Hello, operator?
Get me the police.
I've always wanted to say that.
That's the way you wear it, Mom.
Well, I just want you to look nice for the police,
as long as I'm not.
Somebody call about a missing bike.
That's me.
Hi, I'm Janet Darling.
Come on in.
Mom, I think I can handle this by myself.
OK, you go ahead.
But I think I'll hang around a little.
You close the darling?
Uh-huh.
I'm Officer Mustafa.
This is Officer Baines.
Hi.
So you think you can catch whoever took my bike?
Depends.
You know who did it?
Funny.
Tell us about the bike.
Well, I got it three years ago for my birthday.
And it seemed like a big deal at the time,
but what I really wanted is a car.
But you know, you need to learn this permit first.
We see.
Back to the bike.
Can you describe it?
OK.
It was a 26-inch girl's bike.
And doesn't it have that cute license plate that says
Clarissa on the back?
Mom, I should've fed off two years ago.
It was red with a wicker basket, three speed.
Three speed.
This is why I joined the force.
When did you last see the bike?
Monday.
Uh-huh, where?
In the front yard?
Locked.
Not exactly.
Unlocked for a daylight?
Unattended?
Only for a minute.
Can you imagine we were all in the house?
Uh-huh.
Are you getting all this down?
Oh, yeah.
We'll let you know if something turns up.
Is that it?
Well, what else did you expect them to do, dear?
I suppose we could fingerprint the law.
We'll do everything that we can.
So you think you can get my bike back?
It's hard to say.
We see a lot of cases like this.
Try not to get your hopes up.
There isn't a very good recovery rate on bicycles.
A bike gets stolen every three minutes.
How often are they found?
Let's just say we've been on this case for 10 minutes.
We haven't recovered a bike yet.
So you figure it out.
It was nice meeting you.
Well, so long.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, thanks.
I think.
Boy, they weren't with Chelt.
No, we don't know that yet, dear.
I don't know.
They just didn't seem to care.
Cops on TV at least pretend to be interested.
Let's wait and see what turns up.
Great.
By the time they find my bike,
the only wheels I'll need will be on my wheelchair.
If I really want my bike back,
I'm going to have to go out and get it myself.
Mom and dad won't responsible.
I'll give them responsible.
So what if I don't have any wheels?
I can afford a little shoe leather finding my bike.
Yeah, just like the old private eyes,
I'll scour the neighborhood.
I'll walk every inch of these mean straights.
I can see it now.
It was a cold, damp, and dingy night,
like a sweat sock that had been worn to one gym class
too many.
But I didn't care.
I had a job to do.
It's easy losing a bike in this town,
hard parts getting it back.
That's where I come in.
Name's Darling.
Clarissa Darling, P.I.
I got a tip from Willie the Mole
that something fishy was going on down at the docks.
And I don't mean hell of it.
The docks.
I hate the docks.
Ordered a tuna salad, extra mayo.
Translation, the bike I was looking for
had a one-way ticket to Shanghai,
unless somebody moved and fast.
That somebody was me.
Gentlemen, please, careful, careful.
Happy to see me, Mr. Big.
You're too late, my dear.
Your precious bike is as good as gone.
Oh, yeah?
Tell that to my buddies in blue.
Darling, we got your call.
What's the big call?
Mr. Big, we've got a nice place for you downtown.
With bars on the window and everything.
Game's set and matched to you, darling.
But next time, I serve.
You can start serving now.
Five to 15 for bike theft.
All this fishing, he's starting to stink.
Well, I still don't have a clue as to where my bike is,
but it looks like the big wheel will spin tonight.
Translation, I got to get my bike back.
And the only way to do that is to get out there
and kick up some dirt.
Nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff, nuff,
do it.
More Clarissa, more Snake after this.
How many combinations?
Combinations?
In every bag.
Skittles.
Of Skittles, bites, ice candy.
Let's do this one bag at a time.
Well, there's Stropa Berry.
We got Lemla Mora.
Or a Grapele.
And Berry Lime.
Berry Lime.
Look, this is how it works.
OK.
Then there's Stropa Santa.
Banna Melbour.
Stropa Nanna.
Casaberry.
Good.
See, every Skittles combination
is a new taste.
With a new name.
Well, for example.
Grapele Sour Apple Cherries.
Lemon Melbour Lime.
So how many combinations are there?
Hello.
Find out for yourself.
Taste the rainbow.
Don't forget the world.
Churber Fuber.
OK.
Morphin Time.
Muddy Morphin Underwear.
Let's do it.
Fire.
You can pretend to have Megazord power.
In your mighty Morphin Power Rangers
underwear, by fruit of the loom.
Power up.
Mom.
Play School Dollhouse.
And now you can get even more great stuff
for your Play School Dollhouse.
My big sister has a new convertible.
And she loves driving sour around.
We've got a washer and dryer.
Then I can use them myself.
Mom redecorated our room.
And we got funk bits.
And we even got a barbecue set for the backyard.
I love this house.
It's my Play School Dollhouse.
Play School Dollhouse and accessory set sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Watching.
Nick.
And now back to Clarissa Explains It All.
I wanted to have my stolen bike back in time
to go to the movies tonight.
I was all charged up to look for it.
But after spending a couple days running around,
I think my battery's worn out.
Here are some of the things I did.
First, I put posters up all over town.
Didn't get any response.
It's true.
Reading is a dying art.
Then I went door to door asking if anybody'd
seen any suspicious characters.
Nobody had anything to say about my bike.
But the whole neighborhood is talking about Mr.
Babelbrook's new to pay.
Turns out he isn't fooling anyone.
I went to the used bike store
to see if somebody sold it.
Saw a lot of bikes.
None of them were mine.
The worst part is I had to walk everywhere.
If only I had a bike, finding my bike would be easier.
Should I really have to deal with this at my age?
Am I reduced to begging for rides
until I get my license?
Kind of, Clarissa. Why?
Well, what about later? Are you busy later?
What's on your mind?
I'm looking for a ride to the multiplex.
Sorry, dear. I've already run my errands.
Plus, I have to finish this budget
for the children's museum.
I'm never going to get anywhere.
Well, there is another solution, you know.
You'll let me drive?
No. I mean you can borrow your brother's bike.
I'd rather walk.
Well, it's up to you.
Great.
The perfect ending to a lousy day.
Crumbling to Ferg-Wad for help.
Well, I guess you got to crawl before you can ride.
The cunning move.
Knock, knock, knock.
Who is it?
Can I talk to you a minute, Ferguson?
Ferguson?
Ferguson, not Ferg-Wad, Ferg-Turt, or Ferg-Grat?
Somebody must want something.
Enter.
I need a favor.
Well, I'm a reasonable man.
Ask away.
I need your bike just for tonight.
My bike?
You want to borrow my bike?
Do you have to rub it in?
Have to?
Nah, I choose to.
Besides, this is from the woman who begrudged me
not only a computer, but a ruler as well.
This I'm asking first, and believe me, it's painful.
Oh, let's dwell on that a moment.
OK, you can use my computer.
Nope, too little, too late, too bad.
Besides, I handed that before days ago.
Come on, Ferguson, just lend it to me.
No, sis, because while I understand your needs,
somebody's got to look out for mine.
What are you talking about?
Well, suppose, just suppose I lent you my bike.
Would that be prudent?
We have clear evidence that a bike is not safe in your hands.
I'll lock it up.
Oh, and then there's the wear and tear in the tires.
I'll give you a dollar.
You're on.
Come with me.
Wait, you must be joking.
This is your crummy old bike that clipped a raptor on a tree.
You never specified making model.
Happy riding.
Forget it.
Give me the rock band of $4,000 or my dollar back.
Sorry, sis, I can't make that deal.
But I'll tell you what, you take this one off my hands
for $10 even.
With a little work, it can be a real beaut.
I can't believe this.
Take it or leave it.
Let me see if I've got it.
Here's a one, a five, and four more ones.
Thank you.
I think I'll add this to my presidential portrait collection.
Goodbye, my dear old bike.
Take good care of it, sis.
I've got a lot of fond memories of my riding
days with this bike.
If these folks could talk, they'd say.
Shut up.
OK.
Great.
Here I am ready for a four-in-the-floor convertible.
And I'm forced to ride my little brother's two-wheel leftovers.
Well, I made that ground a bike,
but it looks like I still need a bike.
I'm either stuck with this thing or I'm stuck at home.
OK, you put on new brake pads, new wheels, new fork,
straighten out the handlebars, and attach to new fender.
So when you think about it,
for 10 bucks?
10 bucks after what I spent on parts?
You saved on labor.
Yeah, thanks, Sam.
You're real whiz with the wrench.
Hey, we worked together.
And I've got to say, we really got it to look like a bike.
Who would have believed?
Yeah, we really did do a good job.
Hi, Dad. What have you got there?
Ah, the end of my key dilemma, the key rack.
Did you make that yourself?
Sure did.
Where are you going to put it, Dad?
Oh, right inside the kitchen door.
There's a hook for each one of us.
This way we'll have all of our keys, all in a row,
all together, right by the door.
So anyone who breaks in will have total access
to everything we own.
Nice try, Dad.
Yeah, all right.
Well, maybe I can use it for a belt rack.
Your family sure has trouble hanging on to things.
And then there are those things
we can't get rid of no matter how hard we try.
You fixed it up?
Well, yeah, you fixed it up.
I mean, how much did you spend?
A lot.
Well, it looks good.
I mean, it looks really good.
You spent a lot, whoa.
I can't believe you spent a lot.
You could probably resell it if you want.
Why would I want to resell it?
In case your bike showed up.
It's not coming back.
You never know.
I mean, it might.
What are you talking about?
Just talking.
It's a free country.
Hey, Sam, that's a nice shirt you got on there.
What are you talking about?
I've worn this shirt a million times.
Do you know something about my bike?
Yeah.
Looks great.
Did a terrific job.
My other bike.
My real bike.
Mrs. That's crazy.
Does that make any sense?
That I would know about your bike and not tell you?
Wow, you're getting kind of paranoid.
He's acting awfully strange.
Sure is.
Even by Furgwad standards.
What was that whole deal about my shirt?
You've got to be up to something.
Like what?
I don't know.
But I have a sneaking suspicion.
Didn't you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Now, I'm not going to get mad and I'm not going to hurt you.
I just want you to get out there and bring it back.
Sis, you're getting irrational.
You're beginning to accuse members of your own family.
You shouldn't turn against each other in times like these.
I want it back now.
Now?
I'd have to have it to give it back to you now.
And I don't have it.
What did you do with it?
The thieves could have taken it anywhere.
Even to a chop shop, it could be in pieces all over town.
What did you do with it?
It could be weighed down with chains
at the bottom of Lake Winnemucca.
Sleeping with fishes?
What did you do with it?
I read someplace that they melt them down.
It could be shoebuckles.
Where was it?
I mean, who knows?
It could be on a slow boat to Albania,
headed for the black market.
That doesn't matter.
Prepare to kiss your worthless life.
Bye.
Wait.
I'm.
You're in no position to deal right now.
Think about it.
I'm the only one who knows where your bike is.
And if you kill me, you'll never find it.
Get it.
I was going to get it anyway.
My bike is now front in 10 minutes.
You're going to get it from me.
So anyway, Mom, about buying a car, you know,
Rebecca Peter-Tel said she wanted a car.
And I said, well, kind of. She said pink.
And that makes no sense to me.
Uh-huh.
I mean, it's not that looks aren't important.
It just seems secondary, you know?
If I was to pick a car, I'd be performance over style.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
It's not that it should look like it came out
of a trash heap or anything, but.
Clarissa, I really want to talk about this book.
Could you put the napkins on the table, please?
Sure, Mom.
Is Ferguson still not back?
No, and I'm a little worried. It's getting dark.
Don't worry, Mom. I hear rodents have excellent night vision.
You know, I can't believe that we still
have to go through this with you two.
What did I do?
I mean, Ferguson stole my bike, hit it, and lied about it.
Yeah, all right. Well, today it's him.
Tomorrow it's you. It's back and forth.
It never ends.
What am I supposed to do?
Just sit back and take it?
Oh, it's about time.
Did you put my bike in the garage?
It wasn't there.
Ferg, rat.
Ferguson, I've had enough of this.
Yeah, I swear.
I mean, I stashed it in the woods behind the mini mart.
I didn't think anybody would go back there
because it smells yucky, and now it's gone.
You steal your sister's bike.
You make the police come to our house.
What were you thinking?
It was a joke.
I don't understand what makes you think that that's a joke.
Look, she was asking for it.
All I wanted to do was borrow her computer for an hour.
And that's an excuse?
You mean it's really stolen and not just pretend stolen?
I guess so.
All right, Ferguson. If it's really gone,
you know what you've got to do.
Apologize.
Yes, again.
Apologize sincerely?
One more time.
Oh, not pay for it. Come on, Dad.
It was an accident.
And when you think about it, I'm the victim here.
Yeah, just fair.
All right, well, we'll have to calculate for depreciation.
I got your depreciation right here.
Just try.
Come on.
Oh, stop it, both of you.
Can't stand it anymore.
We are getting a little tired of this, kids.
Yeah, I'd leave.
Only I could find my keys.
And do you want a car?
It's a big responsibility.
You don't want a kid behind the wheel.
I'll tell you what.
You give me my $10 back, pay me for the parts I put on your bike,
and I'll keep that, and we'll call it even.
Really?
Hey, it's just a bike.
Whoa, that is one serious lock, Clarissa.
I'm not taking any chances with this one.
I want to make sure this is the last bike I need
before I traded in for something
with four wheels and seatbelts.
Man, I can't believe you let Ferguson off the hook.
You could have gotten anything you wanted.
I mean, you were holding all the cards.
Yeah, but now I've got a real lace in the hole.
My parents think I'm ready for a car.
Good thinking.
Thanks.
Hey, Sam, do you think he said let me a couple of bucks
for the movies?
Sure.
Ferguson still hasn't paid you back yet?
He's working on it.
He's actually resorted to manual labor
throughout the neighborhood.
Sounds humiliating.
Yeah, but you know, he's graduated to a four-wheel
vehicle too.
How long do you think it'll take him during the bucks?
Couple of weeks.
But something tells me it'll be worth the wait.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, now get ready for Gugugagaid
and Kuchiku as Roundhouse Ridicule's baby drool.
Na, na, na, na, na, next, there.
With four double-dash on Nickelodeon.
Leap to a blind person, volunteer to shoot kitchens,
teach someone how to swim, watch your younger brother,
even if he's a pain.
When Nickelodeon asks kids for ways to help.
Well, toys to a children's hospital.
Start a babysitting club.
So Nick made a list, a really big list of your ideas
to kick off something even bigger.
It's called the Big Help.
It's about kids getting together
to help make a big difference.
Make friends with someone who's lonely.
Start an ecology club.
Whether you're helping other people, animals,
the environment, or the place where you live,
Nick knows kids can help in a big way.
So this October, Nick's bringing you the first ever
Big Help with us.
It's your chance to join kids everywhere
in pledging your time to help.
So keep watching the only network for you.
And thanks for all your help.
New Better Blocks glow in the dark,
and there's a special summer offer.
If you call this number on the phone
to turn your room into a glowing fun zone,
just snap on Better Block Glow connectors
and see your regular blocks in a new light.
They bend, curve, move, and glow
in new cool colors that really show.
Make an everyday castle light up at night
and a pirate ship that's glowing with fright.
Make a dinosaur that dances at a unicorn that frances.
Be a super-outward Halloween or a shimmering beauty queen.
Glow in the dark, Better Blocks are worth a little more,
but since my kids got them,
they turned their old blocks into brand new toys.
Kids, make a sword that glows,
a rocket that goes, a sparkling necklace,
a dazzling ring, a thousand and one illuminated things.
Parents, call 1-800-645-1100 today
and ask about the special summer offer
that can be yours when you order the 200-piece
Glow in the Dark, Better Block set for $24.95.
And because Alvin looks great in trunks,
surf in USA.
To order the Chipmunks 35th birthday party,
call the number on your screen
or send check or money order CD1899,
double-flake a set $14.99, order now.
How do you know the summer is really and truly over?
My dad says it's over precisely one second after midnight
on September 21st.
My friend Ellen says it's over the moment
when you start thinking about whether to buy
a three-ring binder or a spiral notebook for school.
But for me, the way I know the summer is a goner
is when my brother Pete,
and already the strongest man in the world,
go to the beach and try to beat up the ocean.
They're not crazy.
Just angry, angry that the summer has to end.
I know exactly how they feel.
Every year it seems like the summer is over
about 10 seconds after it started,
especially this summer.
I can't be sad unless you're in bed.
Or have you been to the target yet, isn't it?
I'm Pete.
This is my brother Pete.
And this is all that's left of our summer vacation.
653 photos developed for free
at the quick pic photo booth
where my friend Ellen worked all summer.
Where should I start?
I know.
Look at this out.
It's Pete and his best friend Mort Mortensen
greasing a turf on blocks of ice.
Mort shaves off all his bite
and it cut down on wind resistance,
but Pete still beats him every year.
It's one of the surefire signs that summer has begun.
There are other signs, too.
Your shadow gets shorter.
Electricity gets louder.
Killer bees arrive from the Yucatan Peninsula.
Oh, Pete!
Of course, the annual border dispute.
I'm taking over your turf, Tubby!
You'll have to kill me first.
Between my dad and Mrs. Blowtar gets underway.
Still, the summer isn't officially summer
until Mr. Tasty comes to town.
No one knows who he is or where he comes from,
but when that first really hot day in June goes around,
he just knows that Tasty Mobile is coming to the rescue.
Hey, kiddos!
Hey.
It's not like he remembers your name,
but once when my brother Pete was broke
and dying for a blue tornado bar,
he offered Mr. Tasty a huge and evil insect for trade.
Hmm, he doesn't sing, does he?
He's flush.
I'll take it.
That's just the kind of guy he was.
The other thing I should tell you about Mr. Tasty
is that no one knows his true identity.
Who is he?
Some people think he escaped from the state mental hospital
at Durango Falls.
While others are pretty sure Ms. Vandervere,
his blind millionaire who lives in her block,
she just calls him Leonard.
You never understood me, Leonard.
You never really understood me.
About the only thing anybody agrees on
is that the summer just wouldn't be summer without him.
Let me tell you the whole story.
It all started here at the Quick Pick booth
where Ellen worked part-time for her uncle Lou.
Thank you, and have a Quick Pick-er-ific day.
What a job.
It was hot.
You had to wear this pukey polyester.
Plus, there was nowhere to go to the bathroom.
You just had to hold it in.
Outside of licking dirt for a living,
it was easily the world's deadliest job.
Then, one day, she stumbled across a clue,
a clue that could unravel the summer's greatest mystery.
Right in this envelope is our one chance
to find out Mr. Tasty's true identity.
Open it before somebody comes.
I can't.
Come on.
It's totally against the rules.
Rules bite.
Pete, don't.
It was like opening the sacred tomb of King Tut
as Pete peeled back the flap and revealed
the secret life of Mr. Tasty.
Wow.
All in all, they were pretty ordinary photos,
except for one thing.
He never took off his swirly head.
He's got to take it off.
No, not here.
Hey, the Statue of Liberty.
Look at this one.
It sure looks swirly, doesn't it?
Yeah, it's weird.
How could he not have any friends?
Probably a foot odor?
Maybe he doesn't have any friends.
I don't know.
Maybe he does.
Who?
Us.
We really didn't know what to do.
I called this one a shimmy, shimmy shake.
And we really didn't know what to say.
So how fast does this baby go?
But we tried our best to somehow make
friends with the mysterious man
behind the plastic mask.
So do you have a girlfriend?
Sure, I got 49 of them.
Let's see.
There's the boomerang bar, the hydrogen
pop, meringue cabang, blue tornado bar,
chocolate thunder chunks, lemon licky nubs,
orange splurto sticks.
Finally, on one fateful Thursday.
Mr. Tasty?
Yeah?
We were kind of wondering.
Would you like to go chat fishing with us tomorrow?
I'm bringing dynamite.
Thanks, kiddos.
But that's my day to hot wax the tasty
Can we help?
Well, it's kind of a one-man job.
Maybe next time.
Mr. Tasty, do you have any friends?
Well, sure.
All kids are my friends.
Yeah, OK.
But don't you feel like kind of lonely sometimes?
An ice cream man lonely, come on.
Yeah, like maybe you feel like nobody really knows you
or even cares.
Hey, everybody knows me.
I'm Mr. Tasty.
Now, what can we do for you, kiddos?
Let us be your friends.
I know.
How about a bodacious blue tornado bar
to tickle your juncles?
Buffalo!
No, that's not enough anymore.
I'm sorry.
I wish it could be different, but it's for your own good.
Take them.
They're starting to melt.
Please, they're all you really need.
They're just popsicles.
Exactly.
And I'm just an ice cream man.
And you're just my customers.
And that's the way it has to be.
How can you say that?
There's no other way.
Just give us a chance.
I can't not hear.
It's the best I can do.
Goodbye, kid.
The Adventures of Pete & Pete will be right back on stick.
This is about great children love animals.
And they enjoy learning everything about them.
That's why your children will love zoo books.
This exciting magazine for children
will bring the most wonderful animals into your home.
Animals that do the most amazing thing.
Your children will meet incredible new animals
and read fascinating new facts about them.
Just think, 10 big zoo books that will show your kids
hundreds of amazing animals, many that they've never
seen before.
Call this toll-free number now.
And for $15.95, you'll receive 10 issues of zoo books.
Plus, this stunning tiger poster and animal stickers
to put anywhere.
And you'll even get this extra elephants issue
free with your order.
Call now and start zoo books coming to your children today.
Call now, 800-643-5995.
That's 800-643-5995.
Now back to the Adventures of Pete & Pete as stick continues.
When he didn't come back the next day,
nobody got too worried.
He's probably just hot waxing his head.
But when the heat wave hits Sunday and still no tasty,
the great blue tornado bar panic was officially underway.
Out on the street, you'd see all kinds of kids
going through blue tornado bar withdrawal.
Aasty.
And a meringue kebab for my sister Lucy.
While some of us started hallucinating,
other people just lost their mind.
I didn't mean it, Leonard.
Leonard, you were good to me.
The summer had turned to crud.
About all we ever did was sit around,
spreading tasty rumors.
I heard his truck crashed.
I haven't heard his head melt.
I heard he remarried Cher.
Other than that, we just stare for hours
at the hypnotic swaying motion of Mrs. Blotar's colossal arm
flub.
Look at that flub go.
It's a flesh avalanche.
And we probably would have kept on staring.
But then our personal superhero,
Artie, the strongest man in the world.
Came along and accidentally saved the day.
Here's how it happened.
In his superhuman struggle to destroy the killer
bee's diabolical hive, Artie decided
to take on the queen bee herself in a winner-take-all
staring contest.
She was a wily bee all right, but Artie was even wilyer.
And finally, he had the murderous queen just
where he wanted her.
J.R.B. prayers, my puny hybrid foe.
As he zeroed in for the kill.
Ah, blink!
Blink, I say, you stinky bee!
His powerful Artie vision caught sight of something
off on the horizon.
Grrk!
It can't be!
A flash of white near the curve of the earth.
Then it was gone.
So what, Artie?
The Tasty Nobile!
Ha, ha, ha!
Taking into consideration the height of the water tower,
the rotation of the earth, and the prescription
of Artie's eyeglasses, Ellen made some trigonomic calculations
and pinpointed Mr. Tasty's coordinates
to a stretch of interstate in northern Kentucky.
We have to find him.
The search for Mr. Tasty had begun.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be right back on stage.
A snake, a rattlesnake, go for my gold, and I'll rattle you!
You can take gold nuggets from that sneaky snake.
Don't get rattled!
You can take gold nuggets.
If we don't away, don't get rattled!
I'm sleeping?
Why not?
It's don't get rattled.
Get the most gold nuggets to win, bud.
I rattled, yeah.
You can take them if you dare.
But you better just beware.
When you take gold nuggets from that sneaky snake.
Don't get rattled!
Come and get it.
Hey, yeah, yeah!
It's Morphin' Time!
Mighty Morphin' Underwear!
Let's do it!
Fire!
You can pretend to have Megazord power.
In your Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers Underwear,
buy food of the room.
Power us!
Boring restaurants make you wait.
And wait, and wait.
Should I take Chucky Cheese, please?
Yeah, remember, Chucky Cheese, please.
It's the restaurant where a kid can be a kid.
Dinosaurs once ruled the earth.
Today, kids pretty much run things.
But animals are still number one.
And only zoo books can make the world of wildlife come alive.
With zoo books, kids will discover exciting new animals
and learn fascinating new facts.
Call now when you receive absolutely free Zoo Book
spectacular dinosaur edition.
A great way to introduce your kids to zoo books.
Call now 1-800-431-0100.
That's 1-800-431-0100.
But do it, Prontosaurus, before this free offer becomes extinct.
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete as Steve continues.
After Artie's miraculous sighting of the Tasty Mobile,
he sprang into action.
The summer was half over.
And out there somewhere, the loneliest man in the world
was driving further and further away
from the only friends he had.
Us.
If we didn't find him, nobody would.
Ellen turned her booth into a command center,
took over every ship, and devoted her life to tracking him
as he burned across the continent.
She knew she was violating about 1,700 quick pic regulations.
But the only way to find Tasty was
by looking for clues in every single photograph that came in.
When a clue would turn up, she'd
plant another pushpin in her map
and try to predict his next cunning move.
Tacoma, of course.
Then she'd contact the local police
and have them put up all kinds of flyers and stuff
she made herself.
My job was to handle the phones in case anyone called,
while Pete did his part by keeping
a look out at the splanked and municipal pool.
Everything was going smoothly until that fateful day
when lifeguard Den Cleary tried to take Pete on.
The thing you have to understand about Pete and Den Cleary
is that they've been feuding for years.
Last year, after Den Cleary caught Pete eating in the pool,
he banned him from the water for the whole summer.
This summer, Pete was taking no prisoners.
His plan seemed innocent enough at first.
The day Den Cleary made Pete jump,
he jumped 43 more times.
The next day, 79 times.
Then 104 times.
Pete knew it might take a while.
But all that jumping day after day,
well, it began to get to Den Cleary.
He tried to outmaneuver Pete by calling
countless adult swims.
Adult only, kids out.
Get going.
Get down.
Adult's all there.
But when the constantly plunging Pete got to 269 jumps
one day, Den Cleary finally snapped.
Oh, Doctor, please don't listen to you.
I can't take it anymore.
Please just make him stop.
Let's see what I can do.
Pete, come here.
The situation calls for a plan, a plan F.
Let's go.
With Den Cleary out of the picture,
Pete was free to continue his lookout vigil.
The new lifeguard didn't seem to mind.
How's the weather up there, my little Viking?
Sweet.
Meanwhile, back at the command center,
Ellen was getting increasingly frustrated.
The summer was fading fast, and she still
was one step behind the elusive Mr. Tasty.
Our only hope was to try and talk to someone
a new Tasty.
Somebody like is a Vandevere.
It's worth a try.
Leonard said my eyes were bluer than the bluest blue tornado
bar.
He did.
He said that.
When that plan didn't work, I took my search
to Cloghaven Beach.
It isn't the best beach in the world,
but Dad keeps coming back every year,
hoping he'll find buried treasure with his trusty
metal detector.
Why Cloghaven?
Because his dad has told us about a million times.
This is where I found your mom.
There I was, 22 years old, fresh out of the army,
broke out of my mind, looking for treasure.
And then all of a sudden, the detector
starts beeping like a banshee.
And I'm thinking Spanish to blooms, right?
And then suddenly, I'm shocked
to see your mother's beautiful face blinking beneath me.
And I'm thinking, what the Sam Hill?
When your mother says, go ahead, honey.
Say it.
It's me.
I have a metal plate in my head.
Can you believe that?
A metal plate for some accident she had when she was a kid.
We get to talk in.
Next thing you know, honey, next thing you know.
Wedding bells are ringing.
Turn that thing off now.
Sure, sorry.
Did I ever tell you guys that story before?
Huh?
Before being launched into the story
of their wild honeymoon at the Hoover Dam,
I veered toward the boardwalk, hoping I'd
find an ice cream man with some answers about Mr. Tasty.
What can I get you, son?
How about a sludge sickle?
You seem like a bona fide sludge sickle man.
You don't have any blue tornado bars, do you?
Nope.
No, I don't.
You'll have to talk to Mr. Tasty
if it's a blue tornado you're after.
Do you know where I can find him?
Nope.
He already got run out of town by a bunch of nosy kids.
I heard they just wanted to be his friends.
So that's what happened.
What do you mean?
Tasty nosy rules.
Why do you think he wears that plastic head all the time?
To keep kids like you from asking too many personal
questions.
Why?
What do you guys so afraid of?
Look, aren't we here on the first hot day
of every summer?
Aren't we?
Don't we carry 49 different flavorific flavors,
including pineapple, alert?
What else do you want from us?
I don't know anymore.
How about that sludge sickle?
Like I said, you look like a bona fide sludge sickle man.
I had come hoping for a miracle.
Instead, all I got was a cruddy sludge sickle
and a sinking feeling that Mr. Tasty was gone for good.
We got something, something, something here, something big.
Hey, hey, I think it's like an old reveal.
You don't look like a Delta 88 or maybe a Cutlass Supreme.
We all pitched in.
And within the hour, we were the proud owners
of a 1978 Cutlass Supreme.
All right, buckle up.
Let's go.
It ran perfectly and had tons of leg room.
I got a new guy.
Our dad was so happy, he sang all the way home.
I got a Cutlass Supreme.
It's got a radio.
Windows, headlights.
As much as I enjoyed dad's beautiful voice,
I knew Ellen was finishing her second shift.
So I had dad drop me off at the mall.
So hot to go at the beach.
Dad found a car, Cutlass Supreme.
Did you find anybody who knows Tasty?
Yeah, this guy captain's from me.
What'd he say?
He said I looked like a bona fide sludge circle, Matt.
Mr. Tasty's never coming back, is he?
No, I don't think so.
Let's go.
I'll walk you home.
There was nothing left to do.
He probably had found himself a new town where nobody
knew how lonely he was.
Our search for Mr. Tasty had come to a close.
Pete refused to give up his post at first.
But one chilly night in early September.
See you, Tasty.
He left the board for good.
Occasionally, I would walk by the Tasty phone.
But all I expected to find was maybe some loose change.
It was hopeless.
The signs that the summer was ending were all around us.
Do you get tan with you, stinky?
We will battle next year.
Finally, late one afternoon, there
was nothing left to do by close the command center once
and for all.
I were closed the day.
Could you please?
Mr. Tasty.
Hey, kiddos.
Mr. Tasty, you're back.
Where were you?
Where?
I think you know where I was.
Ellen, right?
I saw this on a telephone pole outside Biloxi.
And this one near Duluth seems everywhere I went.
There I was.
Why did you come back?
Oh, I had to.
I wanted to pick up my photographs.
Oh, yeah, they're right here.
I guess, you know, we looked at them.
I kind of figured you did.
How'd they turn out?
Oh, hey, you ever been to the Statue of Liberty?
You should go.
I pretended a blue tornado bar was the torch.
I wish it was.
Me too.
We missed you, Mr. Tasty.
Please, don't say that.
But why is it so terrible?
Because every year on this day, the summer ends.
And I always have to say goodbye.
It's hard enough without having you kiddos missing me.
Then don't go.
I have to, Pete.
I'm an ice cream man.
I am what the summer is.
Fireflies, thunderstorms, bucked sweat on the car seat.
And when it all goes, I have to go with it.
Couldn't you just stay a little bit longer?
Well, I'll tell you what.
There's a little daylight left.
What do you say you kiddos help me wax the tasting mobile?
Didn't you say that was a one-man job?
Not anymore.
I guess we thought if we just kept waxing and waxing,
maybe Mr. Tasty would never leave.
But when the sun finally set, it was time for him to go.
OK, kiddos, come on.
I've got a long drive ahead of me.
Now, don't worry.
I'll be back.
First hot day, like always.
Till then, I was wondering, could I
get a shot of all of us together?
That mean a lot to me.
Sure.
No one knows who he is or where he comes from.
And probably no one ever will.
I guess some things are supposed to stay a mystery.
All we know is that he's more than just an ice cream man.
We're more than just his customers.
When it comes to people missing you,
it's really not that terrible at all.
There's something new and improved at the Round House.
There are new products.
You need the new dehydrating drinking water.
Just add water.
Never mind.
New steps, like the one-legged glibbles.
New singers, like Vegetarian Loaf.
I would do any.
It's the brand new season of Round House,
available exclusively Sundays at 7.30, 6.30
Central on Nickelodeon.
If you want to get out of this place alive,
you're going to need a compass, camouflage,
clothing, a two-week supply of food and water,
and a high-powered radio, and some bug repellent.
But you're not getting none of that.
All you're getting is bananas and underwear.
You ever try to get to level 10 in your underwear, boy?
This needs the Jungle Book for Genesis, Game Gear, Game Boy,
NES, and Super NES systems.
A haunted house.
Wow, tell us, Max.
Scary how I love those sweet little puffs a week.
A mirror.
I'll shine some light on this mystery.
There they are.
Hey, what the?
No!
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha!
Oh, my.
And I want us Max to be part of my complete breakfast.
Oh, kitty, look behind you.
No!
Yeah!
What?
The dirty cat.
Get off, Max.
I'll dig him.
Oh, this is the phone company.
And we're phoning up to warn you about the crank collar.
Have you had any crank calls?
No?
Good.
Oh, and one last thing.
Your mother sold my socks!
Ah!
Hello?
You sure you're free to rate the running?
Hold on.
I'll check.
Yes, it is.
Why, you little?
I ought to pound you into the ground like a tent pig!
Dumb, dee-dumb, dumb, dee-dumb.
Hello?
This is Colonel Sanders.
Joy, joy.
Man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Dun-du-dub-du-du-du-du-du, dum-dun-du-du-du-du, dum-dum-dum.
Dun-du-dub-du-du-du-du-du-du, dum-dum-dum-du-du-du-du-du-du.
Water looks a little heavy today.
Well, you can't get enough minerals.
Bottoms up.
Listen, I can still hear it screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming.
What's with all this screaming?
Why won't he stop?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Woo hoo hoo hoo!
My diet!
Hi, you, Ren. Whatcha doin'?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Well then, what's all that horrible screaming I've been hearing?
My poor baby.
Just relax.
Daddy, you'll make it better.
Ren, how could you?
Don't you have a conscience?
A conscience? What the heck's a conscience?
He's my little friend that makes me do right.
Man, I knew you were stupid, but you're a nincompoop.
No, Ren. He's real.
He's good and kind and always knows just what to say.
I know. I'll let you have him for a while.
Oh, Jiminy. Jiminy Lummox.
Now listen, you. It's him, Ren. It's Jiminy Lummox.
When you wish upon a side of beef, soon will come and end to all your grief.
But if you've been mean or kind of bad, I will knock out all your teeth.
That was nice. Now will somebody get this big fat off of my-
If you can't say nothing nice, don't say something at all.
My teeth. Where's my teeth?
Sampy.
Great green gobs of greasy grimy go-for-guts, teeny-ween birdies feet,
French-fried eyeballs smothered in the pool of blood and me without a spoon.
You can't squeeze cheese from a goat before it's hatched.
Must not get angry. Must not get angry.
What?
My used celebrity underwear! Gone!
Where? Who?
Oh, no! Oh, no!
He did it! He did it!
Didn't be washed in my collection of used celebrity underwear.
I can't even tell the difference between Van Johnson's socks and June Alice's underwear.
Why?
What's wrong, Ren?
You! Why I oughta-
What's wrong with you? Why must you make me so angry?
You know I get hurt when you make me angry.
Do you want to get me killed?
Unless, of course.
That's the plan, isn't it?
You set me up, and he knocks me down.
Is that it? Huh?
Well, it won't work.
Because I'm not gonna get mad.
I'm not getting mad.
No, sir. Not me.
Enjoy, enjoy! Happy, happy, joy, joy!
I'm happy, happy, happy. Not mad, mad, mad.
Mr. Happy Boy, right?
World! Am I happy enough?
Enough!
You!
Mother.
Da, no use crying over Slim Whitman.
That's it.
Look, I can't take any more of this hitting.
Don't you have a conscience?
Da, sure. His name's Tinker Galoot.
Let this be a lesson to you, Ren.
You should always listen to your conscience.
Because if you don't, you'll get to shine all the beat out of you.
Shut up, you.
Da.
See? I said shut up.
Meet!
Ben, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
Okay, this is the guy we're looking for.
Shh, it's Lucky.
Our mission is to catch his lucky charms
and the rest of this complete breakfast.
Because he's got all those marshmallows.
Yet, in eight magical shapes and colors.
Let's get them!
They'll never fight me, though.
Lucky charms!
Kids, now you can catch Lucky.
All rolled up in a special food roll-up fruit snack,
one free in marked boxes of Lucky Charms.
Dinosaurs once ruled the earth.
Today, kids pretty much run things,
but animals are still number one,
and only zoo books can make the world of wildlife come alive.
With zoo books, kids will discover exciting new animals
and learn fascinating new facts.
Call now and you'll receive absolutely free
Zoo Book Spectacular Dinosaur Edition.
A great way to introduce your kids to zoo books.
Call now, 1-800-431-0100.
That's 1-800-431-0100.
But do it, Prontosaurus,
before this free offer becomes extinct.
Brennan's Dimpy Show.
Good morning.
It's dawn.
So grab your pole and put your canoe in the water.
Because it's time for Bass Master.
These are the trophies of a lifetime.
They represent the triumphs of a true sportsman.
A man who has taken a mere sport
and elevated it to the level of fine art.
The lake is his canvas.
The fish, his paint.
The hook, his paintbrush.
And now, let us join the master basser himself,
Ren Hoek.
Oh, hello, folks.
On today's show, we search for the granddaddy of all fish,
the legendary foul mouth bass.
And we'll get going as soon as I finish tying this here fly.
Come on, man.
Reef down on that line.
I'm a man.
I can take it.
Well, it's 5 a.m.
Time to wake up my assistant, Stimpy.
Hey, lazy bones,
take your worthless butt out of bed now.
And don't forget the worms.
Okey-dokey, Ren.
Wake up, babies.
Time to go to work.
Carrying the equipment is a lot easier when you share the load.
I got the tackle and Stimpy's got the bait.
Well, here we are at the boat.
Ain't she a beauty?
Hey, worm boy, load the stupid boat
and quit fooling around.
All right, first mate, anchor's away.
Hold on. Come on aboard.
Don't tell me you're going to fish these
treacherous waters without an Indian guide.
You'll be two bucks short of a bushel.
You need the help of me to make sure
I don't have any lightning frogs.
Yeah, any lightning frogs.
The greatest whole lot of munchers.
All right, already. You can go.
When fishing for the Grand Lunker,
all we have to do is sit back and wait.
Yo-ho.
Hey, hey, hey. Over here. Over here.
What are you playing?
Excuse me, Ren, but I think we should move the...
Shut up. This is the spot.
Now if you want my advice...
What did I just say?
This is the right spot.
Now shut up or you'll scare away the fish.
That's it.
Hold up, everyone.
Now you're fishing now.
You just scared away all the fish.
Hello, folks. Here we are again.
And since my idiot and his smelly friend
scared all the fish away,
we'll just have to lure the fish back.
That's why I fixed up this nice big pail of chum.
Would you just look at that?
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
Yes, sir. Fish will be here any minute.
Boy, lucky big Wilbur.
A fish whistle.
Calm down, girly. You'll scare away the fish.
Thanks, man. I needed that.
Crackety jacks.
Hey, yeah.
I hadn't had these since I was an egg.
Oh, boy. This is the life, eh, fellas?
How do you like that?
These morons are catching my fish with crappy jacks.
Okay, we've got our fish decoys out
and the harpoon launchers loaded.
You see, fish love to loiter.
And when they see other fish hanging around,
they can't resist the urge to join in.
And my keen fishing instincts
tell me that my prey is at hand.
Howdy-do, neighbor.
Do, neighbor.
What are you hanging out with all of these stiffs for?
Still using these outmoded fishing methods, eh?
Your fish are under those old tricks.
You gotta be modern up to date.
And I got the space age answer
to your fishing needs right here.
A Cobco pocket weasel.
Guaranteed to catch a Jillian fish.
And it fits in your pocket.
A Jillian fish, huh?
Wow.
Hey, it does fit in my pocket.
I want to try.
Ooh, that's nice.
Oop.
Huh?
Well, look at that.
What?
A 10-pound crappy.
Go get yourself a rub-down, kiddo.
Yeah, thanks, Tippi.
Hey, save me some cracky-jacky.
But hold on a minute.
I just want to know one thing.
What's your secret?
It's easy, Ren. I speak fish.
Watch me now.
All right, everybody.
Make yourself at home.
Would you like a Vienna sausage?
There he is.
Mr. Fishtalk.
Fishtalk, my rosy-rump.
You cheated.
I deserve this fish.
Me! Come here.
I'll get you.
All right, everybody.
Make yourself at home.
Would you like a Vienna sausage?
There he is.
Me! Come here, you. You, too.
You guys, too. You're coming with me.
Just one gosh-dang-ding-dong-title-freaking-minute.
It's Albert, the foul-mouthed bang-blasted fish.
Look at you, Mr. Big Shot Sport.
You with your dang fancy gear
and mother-loving scientific equipment.
But what do we fish have, huh?
Nothing but shattered nerves and fish hooks.
The trouble with jerks like you is
you don't understand fish.
I... I could learn.
Well, I shouldn't be so nice,
but okay, you see, the trick is
you gotta think like a fish.
So why don't you jump in the lake and swim around
and I'll try and catch you.
Okay.
Are the Wren biting today?
Nah, nothing yet.
Yes, yes.
Ah!
Hi, your old grandpa landed that pesky critter.
Welcome to Jurassic Park, the handheld game
where only the quick survive.
Moving at lightning speed,
you dodge globs of a spinners' poison venom.
Oh, well.
Surrounded by a pack of gut-wrapping raptors,
you quickly jump to safety.
I can jump.
Okay, finally, you race for the front gate.
Ganges ahead of the terrifying B-Rex.
Now, not again.
Jurassic Park, the handheld game from Tiger.
Survival of the quickest.
Joe? No.
Thank you.
Good work.
Nice.
Cool.
With Gumby's pal Pokey,
packed with Pony Trot and Zed,
with a rattlesnap kick
and his eye-bugging trick,
gets them cheering round the room.
Then he jumps down and spins around
and blows up like a balloon.
Well, there's a tale of Pokeys.
That Pony is might as slick,
but you ain't seen nothin' yet,
till you've seen him here on now.
Okay, you little peanut butters.
I know you're new at this, but get ready.
Oh, boy.
If you want to earn your M's,
show them what you're made of.
Smooth peanut butter, go!
Cheer on them all!
A colorful candy show?
Go!
With a new chocolate bar,
peanut butter with a crunch.
What a bright squad.
They're smart, too.
Peanut butter goes marching along.
My big sister...
Mom!
Play school dollhouse.
And now you can get even more great stuff
for your Play School dollhouse.
My big sister has a new convertible
and she loves driving Sarah around.
Then I can use it myself.
Mom redecorated our room and we got bunk beds.
And we even got a barbecue set
for the backyard.
I love this house.
It's my Play School dollhouse.
Play School dollhouse and accessories
that sold separately. Batteries not included.
No, slow down, chief.
He stole my ock.
Your what?
My ock. What's an ock?
Back off, Godzilla, and I'll show you.
That's it.
You stole my story.
I stole it out of my private drawer.
Stop! Thank you.
Now, why did you take it?
What is it? It's an ock.
You should have asked. You're always taking my stuff.
Tucker asked him.
Can I borrow your ock?
Don't make this any harder.
Oh.
All right.
Thank you.
I need the ock because it's an ancient symbol everybody knows.
It means life.
My story is full of ancient symbols.
But you have to know how to read them.
Like the ock.
It means life.
And that's good.
But you have to be careful.
Because sometimes life could be far worse
than anything you can imagine.
Including death.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story.
The Tale of the Guardian's Curse.
Right through here.
That's where it's supposed to go.
You're right.
It's not supposed to be a wall here.
What is that thing?
Sweet mother of a pearl.
Yeah, it looks like it's from Egypt or something.
There's some kind of tool.
Ain't these things supposed to have curses on them
or something, huh?
Get out of here. You watch too many movies.
I think we better call someone on this.
Funny. It doesn't look like Mount Snowbird to me.
Where do we buy our lift tickets?
I don't know.
Five minutes. No more.
Dad, we're really gone this time, right?
No last-minute emergencies.
Just a quick peek, then we're off to the mountains
for a whole week.
I promise. He lies.
Josh and Cleo, Dugan's mom, died when they were little.
So they were brought up by their dad,
the professor.
Don't die, Chit.
He tried hard to be a good father.
But unfortunately, he knew more about ancient stuff
than about taking care of kids.
Professor Dugan. Professor Dugan.
This is amazing.
In all my years.
Find one vacation, Dr. Capels.
We have five minutes, and I'm gone.
I believe you'll think twice when you see what we've got.
Vacations come and go,
but a find like this happens once in a lifetime.
And it was here all the time.
Right under our noses.
My God.
Where did you find it?
It was hidden behind a false wall.
Must have been sealed there for decades.
Unless I'm mistaken.
It's from the Egyptian Temple of Light
that was robbed in 1921.
Uh, yes. Quite.
We have to get this to my lab now.
You know what this means, right?
Yeah.
No vacation.
No skiing.
No life.
I'll create an entire Egyptian exhibit around it.
The publicity alone will increase.
Don't even think about it.
The publicity alone will increase
donations to the museum temple.
Another vacation.
Trashed.
August 21st, 1921.
The archeological community was shocked
to discover that the newly unearthed
Temple of Light was ransacked
last evening with most of its
ancient treasure, stone.
The Egyptian authorities are going to go ballistic.
They find out it's been in the museum
all this time.
We've got her.
Mina. Mina was a goddess.
The ancient Egyptians believed
that she used her ring of eternity
to bring forth life from the earth
every spring.
She should have used the ring on herself.
Maybe she wouldn't be stuck in this old box.
But there was two sides to the legend.
Mina was a beneficent, but vindictive.
She supposedly had the power
to turn her enemies into stone.
But they're about this.
Yuck!
Mina, the guardian.
Don't feed him. Maybe we can starve him out of there.
Yeah, I doubt it.
Look, just because he doesn't have a life
doesn't mean he can ruin ours.
It's important. It's like
historic.
Oh, yeah. Like the important monkey bone
that nuked our vacation last year.
Or the time he left us alone for Christmas
to see some old pot somebody dug up.
What can I say?
He lives to work.
He needs it.
What he needs is a girlfriend.
Showtime!
Cleo, look at this.
I've managed to translate
some markings on the sarcophagus.
Apparently, there were blood
sacrifices made to Mina
to ensure a fruitful harvest.
Yuck!
Then I found this.
The legend of the Ring of Eternity
was widely known,
but there's also mention
of an elixir of life.
The elixir brings life.
The ring brings eternity.
Wow!
Totally blown away.
There's also mention of a curse.
Really? The Guardian's curse.
Well, it was fairly standard, but the ancients
always threatened horrible death
and torture to those who disturbed their tombs.
Which is exactly what we did.
That's swell.
I need you guys
to get back to the museum
and pick up that new set of photos.
My extra set of keys are in the kitchen.
Uh, Dad,
does this officially mean the vacation's off?
Hmm?
Bingo.
We'll get the pictures.
Josh, Cleo,
I'm sorry, kids.
You know, it's just that...
It's okay, Dad. We know.
Why? He doesn't give us any parts.
We only get a couple
of school vacations a year
and we get dumped on because of
that
yuck.
It's his work, Josh.
And what about us? I mean, we don't rate.
We're here. We're alive.
I mean, that thing is...
I don't know what that thing is, but it's really gross.
We'll go skiing next time.
Next time is all we ever get.
Oops.
I can't believe you missed this.
Don't touch it. There's a curse.
It's an ink.
Life.
Oh, we've got to show Dad.
I better carry this. I can take it.
It's safer with me.
I can do it, Josh.
I'm not picking it up.
You take the ring. I'll take the vial.
Don't drop it.
I found these, right?
Remember, I made the discovery.
Wait. We forgot the pictures.
I could, like, go down in history.
Babes love fame.
I could... Cleo?
What? What are you...
Clear and present danger,
Rita Beachy 13, now playing.
As the amount you spend
with your discover card goes up,
your interest rate goes down,
down,
with the smart rate program.
And only a discover card has it.
So use the discover card.
Where the percentages are always
in your favor
to apply, call 1-800-DISCOVER.
It pays to discover.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark.
Dad! Dad! We found the ring of...
Eternity.
Dad!
I've got to go to the museum after all.
Sorry. I love you, Dad.
He must have split
before all this happened.
You know what I think it was.
We gotta get Dad.
The window!
He's not here. It's the curse.
Oh, man, it's the curse.
Get out of here. That stuff is made up.
Oh, yeah? Does this look made up to you?
It's real, Cleo, just like the legend said.
In no way.
What about that bottle you're carrying around?
That's real, too.
And where's the mummy?
I don't believe it.
No. It's gone, Cleo.
What are you saying?
Yeah.
That's exactly what I'm seeing.
Down here.
The fire exit on the other side.
A nasty smell.
Steffi, there.
It's locked. How can they lock a fire door?
What is that smell?
She's on the door.
What's your hat?
Are you okay?
I think so.
What is going on?
Oh, man.
I think you're about to seep yourself.
Dr. Capelsman?
Look out. The mummy's on the loose.
I don't think so.
What exactly is going on, doctor?
Your children have something I want.
What?
I don't understand.
Well, then you're not as astute as I thought.
I want the ring of eternity.
I didn't find the ring.
No.
But your children did.
I thought you had discovered the ring, professor.
And I wasn't about to let it be claimed
by the Egyptian authorities
when it was so near my grasp.
I searched your home.
Dad!
As it turns out,
your children are more clever than you.
I've got to go to the museum after all.
Sorry.
I love you, dad.
Knowing your plans,
I hurried back here
before your children arrived.
And so now here we stand.
How if you would be so kind
as to hand me that ring?
You're not thinking?
Oh, yes.
I intend to use that ring for myself.
Now give it to me!
I wouldn't if I were you, professor.
That odor you smell
is kerosene.
I've soaked most of these crates.
One touch of this torch
in this museum.
And this museum becomes a furnace.
You wouldn't
want to take that risk.
I say we
give it to him.
I have to think.
There's nothing to think about.
We've got to do it.
Josh, give him the ring.
Just give him the ring.
Understand?
Good boy.
Now, slide it over here.
Come on, come on!
Let them go.
I'm afraid I can't do that,
professor.
I'm sure you'd go right to the authorities.
I can't have them track me
for the rest of eternity now, can I?
Don't do it, doctor, please.
At least let us see if the ring works.
Why not?
Behold!
You are now gazing at
an immortal!
Ha ha ha ha!
What's this?
Ha ha ha!
I...
can't...
move!
Save! And a beauty!
Incredible!
I guess he got what he wanted after all.
Immortality.
Very clever, little sister.
Excuse me?
The translations, as I said,
the ring brings eternity.
The elixir brings life.
He knew he had the ring,
the elixir, it's real.
Um, we forgot to tell you,
Dad,
the mummy's missing.
What? My God, it's alive!
It brings life.
The ring brings eternity.
Ah, don't!
So the true guardian's curse
was immortality.
And Dr. Capal Smith
was the final victim.
See, wasn't that worth letting him borrow it?
I guess the story was pretty good.
Hey.
The little toe still has my ock!
Tucker!
For tonight, what nicks nicks again next week?
It'll be snickering.
Snick tactic!
It'll be...
So make sure you're here every Saturday night
when your clock strikes a snare.
What's inside
this new extraordinary kind of antiperspirant?
Provides the most effective
dryness protection man has ever seen.
Only it's not for a man.
It's for a woman.
With a pH-balanced formula,
goes on ultra-dry.
And because it vanishes like that,
it keeps you drier than any other kind out there.
Now you're just
two clicks away from the most
incredible dryness protection ever.
Because this is new secret ultra-dry.
And what's inside
is as good as it gets.
New secret ultra-dry soft solid.
It's strong enough
for a man.
But now I thought you'd try this for a woman.
Sherwin-Williams matches paint colors
to anything.
Brutes to suits, prints to mints, hats to cats.
Use your imagination
during Sherwin-Williams fall kickoff sale
with classic 99 interior flat latex
12.99 a gallon.
Ask Sherwin-Williams.
Observe
your eye eyes,
red eyes.
Symptoms for which science created clear eyes.
Unlike the other leading eye drop,
clear eyes removes redness
and as an ingredient to moisturize.
The difference is clear.
Clear eyes.
You know,
but what can you do?
As soon as you hear unwanted relatives approach,
act fast.
The first job is to close the curtains,
unplug appliances that might make noise,
lock all doors,
and shut them tight.
Shut off the furnace,
then head for the basement
and sit tight
until the emergency is over.
Learn these simple steps.
Do practice grills with your family.
Soon you too will be
avoiding unwanted relatives
and everything will be
so well.
Nick at Night,
dedicated to better living through television.